May 4 release notes (#665)
mulesoft/docs-release-notes: modules/ROOT/pages/api-manager/api-manager-release-notes.adoc

* Chrome (latest version)
* Internet Explorer 11 and newer

== 2.2.11

*May 4, 2019*

This release provides this new feature:

> * Improved UI modal for changing Mule 3 custom policy version: https://docs.mulesoft.com/api-manager/2.x/change-custom-policy-mule3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improved UI modal for changing Mule 3 custom policy version. +
See xref:change-custom-policy-mule3.adoc[Change a Custom Policy Version for Mule 3] for more information.
```
